# Course Source

## Description
Course Source is a social media platform for UCSC BSOE students where users can discover what other students have found to be the most useful resources for their classes (Youtube channels/videos, Articles, Stack Overflow pages, Medium articles etc.). Users can rate the usefulness of these resources as well as add resources that they discover. There is a page for each BSOE class. The most useful resources are displayed at the top when you click on a class. Over time the best resources will be accumulated as more people post and vote. We envision this being an easy one stop shop for BSOE students to find the best available resources for their classes. We currently have implemented BSOE courses but plan to expand to all UCSC courses and other universities if all goes well. When we expand we will be able to place users into their appropriate school community based on their email ending (e.g. @mit.edu would place the student in the MIT community). 


## Implementation
Index.html:

The table was created by using an example that we did previously in a homework assignment. The classes (local) database was pre populated with a json file full of all the CSE classes as UCSC that was made on google sheets and then converted to json using an external website. From there, we used a Vue to load data into the webpage by utilizing the URL links that were seen used in example videos posted on Luca’s webpage. We had trouble figuring out how to utilize vue data in the table. However, after persistent googling we found an answer and were able to utilize a Vue for loop within our table. The star buttons were added in and used a similar approach to how liking and disliking worked on a previous homework assignment. We have a database of users so we inserted a new user for each class and stored the class id. We then set an int called favorite to 0 (indicating unliked). When the star is clicked, the program goes into Vue and calls a function to send the class id and new favorite value (1 if star was previously clicked, 0 if star was not previously clicked) to the star function in controllers.py. This star function goes through the user database and updates the favorite value of the user that has a class_id equal to the id that was passed through Vue (the row index of the class that was clicked) accordingly. Then, when the index is loaded, it calls load_classes which goes through the users of the current email and changes the favorite variable in the classes database to match that of the users. The classes database is then sorted by favorite and returned in the dict of this function whichs sends it to index.html. Index will then loop through this list and if the favorite value is 0, an empty star will display. If the value is 1, a filled in star will display and immediately be sorted.

Resources.html:

The + button was created using an example that was done in a previous homework where we had to make a comment section. When you click the +, a boolean is switched to true and the add resources section appears. These text areas in the add resources section are directly connected to Vue when the add button is pressed and are immediately sent to the add_contacts function where it gets inserted into the database. The link checks if its a youtube link. If it is, it changes the link to an embedded link. Here you can also add an image which is connected to the google storage. We got a majority of the code from Luca’s video on uploading pictures using google storage. If an image is added then its download_url is also added into the resources so it can be accessed when printing out the resources. After that is all done, resources loads load_contacts which essentially allows us to access the resources database in resources.html. It runs a Vue for loop on this list and checks to see if the current item in the list’s symbol (class symbol ex: ‘cse183’) is equal to a variable passed in called ‘course’. This course variable is passed in from the resources function and it appears after /resources/ in the url. If those two match up, then it is a resource on this specific page and we can print this resource. First, it checks if the user that created the resource is equal to the current user email. If it is, then we know that we are allowed to delete this item, so a deletion button shows up in the tile. It then runs some checks to see whether we have a link (and whether the link is a youtube video or not), if we have an image, or if we just have a title and description. It will then process the showing of the resources differently for each different scenario. We also have a like/dislike button that works very similarly to how the star button works on index. We stored the specific like value for each specific user at each specific resource so that we could have separate like/dislikes for each user and included a total like and dislike counter that shows up next to each button.
